Hey new here
There are guests ordering you in the private room here.
OK
Oh, I see.
Hey, what do you think Linlin has been stimulated by recently?
Like hyped up
Who knows?
He has always been number one in performance
I don't know how many times I've been slept with
The family is bankrupt and still pretending to be noble here every day
What do you think the customers like about him?
That's unfortunate.
Your name is Li Yan?
Hello customer
What service do you need?
Service?
I almost forgot that I went to accompany the manager
Then you can pour the wine over for me, okay?
Are you so careless?
Why don't I decide to pour it on this glass slag?
Sorry guest
I don't have this service.
How dare you talk back to me?
Hold the dog down
I'd like to see it
You seduce with your face?
I cut it.
Who is seducing?
Uh-huh.
Ah!
Tang Yuxin, what are you doing here?
You and I came to play today
I wanted to order an escort lady to help the fun
Who knew he wouldn't know, but he bumped into me anyway
I also smashed the wine for you.
I advised you to burn me no